## Technical Story
### TS_01
### RL: early draft

## Components:

Related to [DG_MainComponents](./DG_MainComponents.png)

+ C03 World
+ C01 Rule Engine

## Idea

What makes the universe a dynamic system? There are physical laws, forces, fields, the need to get a energy minimum state. I call this the "particle rules", because every particle in the universe moves or get in relation with other particles by this physics. 

But there is another thing: the living beeings which act, decide and interact with the universe. All this follows also rules. Psychologic, social or simple biological rules of desire and hunger. It is not the issue to discuss the sources and exact mechanisms. All this progress in time induced by living beeings follows rules which I will call "life rules".

In consequence, the idea is to model the game universe by define and simulate "particle rules" and "life rules". The game to develop should also be a experiment what happens if a world is reduced to this model mechanism. 

## Task

The World models and compute states. With every time tick, it applies the particle rules build in and commputes the next state. The World can be asked for a situation picture (an term from air traffic control), describing all important parameters of the world like position, speed and direction of moving objects etc. 

The Rule Engine provides all rules of the kind "life rules". It can be queried for rules and actions to be expected in the next tick. If got a query, it asks the World for a situation picture, looks which rules apply and gives back the result of applying the rules. This goes back to World, which executes the result (the actions to expect) for the next state. 


## Algorithm 

tbd
